
You can make more than 170,000 pencils from one average-sized tree.
Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age.
The largest living structure on the planet is the Great Barrier Reef.
A coffee plant can use caffeine as a pesticide.
Lightning hits oak trees more than any other type of tree.
The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree.
The pod of an orchid provides us with vanilla flavouring.
Right now, there are over 300,000 identified plant species in the world.
Tulips were very valuable in the 1600s.
1730 was the year the first botanical garden opened.
The scientific method of determining the age of a tree is dendrochronology.
The majority of plant life is in the ocean.
The country of Brazil is the only country named after a tree.
Aspirin came from plants.
Sports bats make use of wood from different types of trees.
The rose family is one of 6 economically important crop plant families.
The Arctic tundra hosts around 1,700 species of plants.
Pando is the oldest surviving tree.
The dwarf willow is the smallest tree.
Scientists were able to grow a 32,000-year-old plant.
The rafflesia is the biggest flower.
Dandelions are edible.
All tea varieties come from the same plant.
Photosynthesis is a process that helps plants make their food.
A good lawn can increase a house’s value by up to 20%.
A 2,500 square foot lawn produces enough oxygen for a four-person family.
Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal.
Watermeal is the world’s smallest flowering plant.
Dawsonia is the tallest moss.
The corpse flower is the tallest flower.
Mushrooms aren’t plants.
Out of 1750 cacti species, 1749 are only found in America.
A poison garden in England is full of venomous plants.
White baneberries look like doll eyes.
There’s a plant that looks like stones.
Amber is a fossilised resin from ancient trees.
68% of plant species are endangered.
Over half of all plant species are native to only one country.
The world’s smallest seeds are from epiphytic orchids.
The coco de mer is the largest seed in the world.
Certain plants are going extinct much faster than we anticipated.
Only a percentage of areas that are rich in plant life has protection.
90% of the food that humans consume comes from 30 plants.
Baseball plants are exactly what they’re called.
Redwoods are the tallest trees.
The fastest-growing woody plant in the world is the bamboo.
A lily can reproduce from seeds, bulbs, and tissue cultures.
Rubber can only be acquired from 6-year old trees.
Good landscaping can increase the value of a house by up to 20%.
Scientists can’t explain what causes four-leafed clovers.
Bamboos are a form of grass.
Carnivorous plants make up only 0.2% of flowering plants.
Plants prevent erosion and landslides.
80% of the world’s forests have already vanished from the planet.
About 80,000 plant species are edible.
Herbs come strictly from the leaves of a plant.
A sunflower has many tiny flowers.
The Gingko Biloba is one of the oldest tree species on the planet.
Pennisetum purpureum is more commonly referred to as elephant grass.
The tobacco plant can be hazardous if harvested when wet.
Nicotine is poisonous to insects.
Lignins are what make the wood of trees its stiffness.
The world’s most dangerous tree is the manchineel.
Peanuts are not nuts.
The garlic mustard is a member of only one family.
The snapdragon closely resembles the head of a dragon.
The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm.
In Greek, the Iris flower translates to rainbow.
Dogwood trees are short.
The wishbone flower is an annual plant found in the Linderniaceae family.
Poinsettias are native to Mexico.
The first records of edible flowers date back to 140 BC.
You can use many known plants as natural dyes.
A plant that consumes rats is in the Philippines.
Plants have the ability to recognize their siblings.
The chemicals found in freshly cut grass can relieve stress.
The smell of freshly cut grass is the grass screaming in distress.
The tallest basil plant was 3.34 meters.
An Australian plant called Gympie can sting you.
You can’t drink water from a cactus plant.
70,000 plant species are utilized for medicinal and healing purposes. In all likelihood, you may be nurturing indoor plants species for natural healing and a robust future.
Many plant species are used as natural cloth dyers. One of the oldest blue dyes comes from a plant called ‘woad’ that has been used since Neolithic times – more than 6,000 years ago. For the betterment of your health and of the mother earth, grow plants for natural colours.
There has been several researches on the mental health benefits of plants. And, now it is a proven fact about plants. They help in relieving stress and cultivating calmness. Take a walk in nature, and feel yourself!
The eye-catchy Dandelion is edible! Yes, from the petals to the leaves, it is completely palatable.
Another interesting facts about plants that will make you adore them more is that trees are the longest living organisms on earth. Befriend them and they shall be with you till your last breath.
Eat natural, eat healthy because earth embraces more than 80,000 species of edible plants. Now, this is one of the interesting plant facts we bet you were clueless about.
Bursting the confusion bubble here with this fact. Herb is specifically from the leaf of the plant, whereas the spice comes from the seed, berry, stem, bulb, bark or root.
One of the facts about plants that you should know is all teas (black, green, white) come from the plant of Camellia Sinensis. Different processing methods give them their unique characteristics.
According to plant biologist Daniel Chamovitz, plants can see, smell, feel, and remember. And, this comes as no surprise for the ones with green thumbs because they know that their green babies respond well to their love.
85% of plant life is found in oceans. You only have 15% to take care of.
Small pockets of air inside cranberries make them bounce and float in water.
84% of a raw apple and 96% of a raw cucumber is water.
A pineapple is a berry. Wait, What?
A notch in a tree will remain at the same distance from the ground when the tree grows
Onions contain a mild antibiotic that soothes burns, fights infections, relieves itch of the athlete’s feet.
The family of rose plants, in addition to giving us fragrant flowers, give us apples, pears, plums, cherries, almonds, peaches, and apricots.
Avocado has the highest calories of any fruit. Approximately 167 calories per hundred grams. Health conscious people, Alert!
One more! Peanuts are beans.
A bushel of corn can sweeten 400 pop cans.
Asparagus is a member of the Lily family that includes other members of onions, leeks, and garlic.
3.34 m is the recorded height of the tallest basil plant.
The strawberry has an average number of 200 seeds. It is the only fruit that has seeds on the outer.
Ginkgo Biloba is one of the oldest tree species that is alive.
The leaves of the Lucky Bamboo plant grow up to one inch per month
Bananas contain natural chemicals and compounds that can make people happy. So, it would not be wrong if we say it is a Happy Fruit!
Bamboo is the fastest growing woody plant in the world; it can grow upto 35 inches in a single day.
Cabbage is 91% water
Eating lots of onions can make you fall asleep, it is a sedative.
Cucumber is a fruit and not a vegetable because it has seeds inside.
A Money plant also has seeds. The seeds grow inside the pods, enlarge, and burst fall on the ground.
Biotechnology intervenes in the organisms to solve problems.
Paleontology is the study of fossils.
Paleontology sits in between biology and geology.
The term Biology came from Ancient Greek.
Modern biology is relatively young.
Natural philosophy is one of the “origin” of modern science.
Scholars of the medieval Islamic world specialized in studying medicine.
The microscope played a fundamental role in biology.
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is the “Father of Microbiology”.
Zacharias Janssen takes credit for the invention of the microscope.
Carl Linnaeus published the basic taxonomy.
People who study biology are called biologists.
Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution marked the start of the discussion on natural selection.
Aristotle is considered to be the first biologist.
Hippocrates is the “Father of Western Medicine”.
Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen.
Not all bacterias are bad.
The common cold is a type of virus.
Molds, yeasts, and mushrooms are types of fungus.
There are 5 kingdom classifications.
The foundation of biology starts with the cell.
Bacteria are extremely small and are made up of just one cell.
The adult body has an average of 7,000 white blood cells.
There are six main types of white blood cells.
The formation of white blood cells starts in the bone marrow.
Living things can be classified into three categories.
Future generations may never see a live tiger anymore.
Biotechnology contains an extensive range of methods for modifying living organisms.
Dolly the sheep is the first cloned mammal using an adult cell.
Megan and Morag is the first cloned mammal using an embryo cell.
Dolly the sheep had a normal and happy life.
Louis Pasteur invented the Pasteurization.
Pasteurization limits the number of organisms, while sterilization kills or living organisms.
The human body has 7 octillion atoms.
Atoms in the human body are more than a billion-year-old.
The human body has 12 systems.
There are 4 types of blood groups.
The O- blood types are universal donors while AB+ are universal recipients.
The human DNA is stored in 23 pairs of chromosomes.
Research suggests that the appendix serves a purpose.
There is no 100% definite answer to why people or even some other animals yawn.
The human brain works harder during sleeping.
The liver has over 500 functions.
Too much sun exposure can do long-term damage to the blood vessels in the skin.
Almost all of the body parts can repair themselves.
The human’s little finger provides over 50% of the hand’s strength.
The orbicularis oculi and levator palpebrae superioris muscle are the fastest muscles in the human body.
A human has around 150,000 hairs in the head.
The human brain has around “4 terabytes of memory space”.
The human eye is 576 megapixels.
There are 3 major branches of biology—botany, zoology, and microbiology.
Botany is the scientific study of plants.
Zoology is the scientific study of the behavior, structure, physiology, and classification of animals.
Microbiology is another branch of science that tackles microorganisms. In other words, it is the study of microorganisms.
Anatomy is another branch of biology. In particular, it analyzes the organism’s structure and parts.
Anatomy is related to things such as developmental biology, evolutionary biology, comparative anatomy, embryology, and phylogeny.
Theoretical biology uses a mathematical formula.
Experimental biology conducts empirical experiments to examine the validity of the proposed theories.
Physiology is the study of how organs and organ systems function.
Ecology is the study of how organisms interact with each other to their environment.
Cytology is the study of cells.
Evolutionary biology is the study of evolutionary processes.
Taxonomy is responsible for naming and classifying organisms.
Genetics is the study of heredity and its variation.
Molecular biology is the study of biological molecules such as DNA.
-
The phrase “It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye” comes from Rome.
Albinism affects melanin production.
The 20-20-20 rule can help your eyes.
You blink 4 million times a year.
Blue-eyed people are related.
Eyes can heal quickly.
Diabetes can lead to blindness.
Tying a tie too tight can cause glaucoma.
Eye tests can detect health conditions.
Your children can have blue eyes even if it does not run in your family.
Brown is the most common eye color.
Our two eyes allow us to have depth perception.
The mass of an average eyeball is light.
Our eye muscles are active.
Smoking affects your vision.
Our eyes have blind spots.
We have hollow eye sockets.
Vision impairment is curable.
Our eyes have a lot of parts.
Eye transplants are not possible at this time.
One eye is always stronger than the other.
Owls can't move their eyeballs.
Eye muscles are incredibly strong.
We can only see a total of 3 colors.
A dragonfly’s eye has multiple lenses.
Unlike human eyes, chameleon eyes are independent.
Shark eyes are used for human surgery.
Cosmetics is one of the most common cause of eye injury.
A newborn baby cannot produce tears.
Contact lenses cannot be lost in your eyes.
You see with your brain, not with your eyes.
You see things upside down, and the brain turns that image right side up.
A blink lasts an average of 100-150 milliseconds.
It is possible to blink a total of five times in a single second.
Your eyes are the fastest muscle of your body.
Our eyes capture light and send that data through the brain which registers the things we see.
Eyes were believed to have first formed 550 million years ago in animals.
The phrase ‘in the blink of an eye’ comes from the speed of our eyes. 
The human eye can function at one hundred percent at any given time without needing rest. 
A fingerprint has 40 unique characteristics, our eyes have 256. This is why retina scans are being used more for security purposes. 
Oily fish, Vitamin A, and Vitamin C are believed to help your eyesight. 
When your eyes water, it is most commonly caused by dry eyes. 
Astigmatism refers to a defect in the eye or lens caused by a deviation from spherical curvature that results in distorted images. 
Your nose gets runny when you cry as the tears drain into your nasal passages. 
Tears are used to clean our eyes, yet scientists cannot figure out why we cry when we are sad.
If the human eye were to be a camera, it would have a 576-megapixel lens.
You are likely to blink more while you talk.
The red eyes captured in photos are due to the light flash bouncing off the capillaries of your eyes. 
Pirates once believed that you could improve your eyesight by wearing gold earrings. 
Mayans believed that being cross-eyed was attractive and so they would make sure that their children would be crossed eyed.
10% of the world population is left-handed.
The average bear will have 42 teeth.
Rabbits eat their feces.
Birds require gravity to swallow.
The Hawaiian alphabet contains only 13 letters.
The blood of lobsters is colorless.
The most commonly used letter in the English alphabets is E.
Around 8% of the world population has an extra rib.
The majority of plant life is located in the ocean.
A cat spends most of its life sleeping.
Spiders are not insects.
Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.
Honey never spoils.
The fortune cookie was invented in America.
A giraffe cleans its ears with its tongue.
The human brain is 78% water.
Koalas sleep 18 hours a day.
Sponges hold more cold water rather than hot.
You share your birthday with 19 million people.
Cats have a hundred vocal cords.
Ducks cannot walk without bobbing their heads.
The human tongue heals the fastest compared to all body parts.
Cows cannot climb downstairs.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backward.
The Aztecs invented popcorn.
The smallest ocean is the Arctic ocean.
The first phonebook only had 50 names.
Depression is the most common mental illness.
French fries were invented in Belgium.
The hair of a reindeer is hollow.
Cows do not have upper front teeth.
Coins in the Trevi Fountain are collected and given to charity.
A person will sleep an average of 25 years in their lifetime.
Paramount has 22 stars in their logo.
White is considered the safest color for a car.
Cat jaws cannot be moved sideways.
An octopus has rectangular pupils.
Grapes explode in the microwave.
Pigs can’t look upwards.
Room temperature is between 20-25°C.
Apples wake you up more than coffee in the morning.
The most sensitive finger is the index finger.
The oldest English word is ‘town’.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Brazil is named after a tree.
Monopoly is the most played board game in the world.
Women buy 96% of candles produced.
China originated paper making.
Instant coffee was made in 1901.
The urine of cats glow under a blacklight.
Small breeds of dogs live longer than larger breeds.
Hugging trees is forbidden in China.
Only hard boiled eggs spin.
The staple food of 50% of the world population is rice.
70% of the world’s toys are made in China.
Cats can jump a height of 7 times its tail length.
Refrigerated rubber bands last longer.
India owns over 200 million cows.
Only female mosquitoes bite you.
The majority of dust found in households is made from dead skin.
Until it blows against something, wind makes no sound.
Apart from Vitamin C, eggs contain every single vitamin.
Gold never erodes.
Under ultraviolet light, scorpions will glow.
Water expands when frozen.
Owls cannot move their eyes sideways.
Ants stretch in the morning.
There is no sound in space.
There are 1,792 steps on the Eiffel Tower.
Originally, tennis was played with bare hands.
Germany borders 9 countries.
The Titanic was made in Belfast.
You can actually fold a piece of paper more than 7 times.
There are more chickens in the world than there are people.
People laugh an average of 10 times a day.
The pea is the oldest known vegetables.
The thigh bones of humans are stronger than concrete.
Green diamonds are the rarest type of diamond.
Wine spoils when exposed to light.
The banana contains 75% water.
It takes 3 alligators to make a pair of boots.
The most followed sport in the world is soccer.
The human liver has 500 functions.
Humans have just 1 bone fewer than horses.
A fly will always launch backward to get away faster.
Ice rinks will always go counter-clockwise.
25% of the oxygen we breathe is used by the brain.
The only mammal that can fly are bats.
Camels are not born with humps.
Bulls run faster uphill than downhill.
Moths do not have stomachs.
Giraffes cannot swim.
The Dead Sea is an inland lake.
Clean snow will melt slower than dirty snow.
A caterpillar has more muscles than a human being.
Red blood cells are produced in the bone marrow.
Moisture causes super glue to dry.
Flamingos eat with their heads turned upside down.
The side of the hammer is called a cheek.
The most commonly bitten body part by insects are your feet.
It is physically impossible for you to lick your elbow.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay.
There are 366 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
The moon is moving away from the Earth.
Ketchup leaves the bottle at a measured speed.
A baseball has a lifespan.
There is a town called Calama has never experienced rain.
Most lipsticks contain fish scales.
Lightning strikes the earth 100 times each second.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Possums do not play dead.
A Costa Rican worker that makes baseball earns $2,750 annually.
A jiffy is an actual measure of time.
Babe Ruth out-homered every American league team.
Recycling glass jars save energy.
San Francisco's cable cars are counted as a national monument.
The match was invented after the lighter.
Michael Jordan makes a lot of money from Nike.
The five colors on the Olympic flag were carefully selected.
Antares is 60,000 times larger than the sun.
There are constantly around 1,800 thunderstorms that occur somewhere on the planet.
The chicken came before the egg.
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals.
Left-handed people are better at particular sports.
A giant tortoise that was believed to be extinct was found in the Galapagos.
Ancient Egyptians slept on stone pillows.
Coca-cola was originally green.
Arizona forbids camel hunting.
36% of the American population has stated that God has spoken to them.
You can buy a toupee for your dog in Tokyo.
Only one sport has ever been played on the moon.
There is a Superman in every episode of Seinfeld.
A premature birth takes place when the baby arrives earlier than 37 weeks during pregnancy.
Humans did not come from monkeys.
Most of the viruses embedded in our DNA are gone already.
The Goodyear blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach.
Americans spend an average of $1,092 on coffee per year
2 out of 1000 children are born deaf in the United States.
Driving to space would only take an hour.
Every three seconds, there is a birth taking place somewhere in the world.
Specifically shaped cornflakes can be sold on eBay.
The Arizona capitol building roof holds around 5 million pennies.
clouds hold a lot of weight.
The Apollo 11 crew pre-made autographs for insurance.
The longest recorded tennis match lasted for 11 hours.
A hotel in New Orleans offered a $15,000 stay in a contest.
Shakesphere's epitaph is cursed.
All swans in England belong to the Queen.
Most wines are not vegetarian or vegan-friendly.
A pineapple plant can only produce one pineapple a year.
China is the world’s largest silk producer.
Ketchup was once used as medicine.
A person is unable to detect smells when they suffer from anosmia.
A Poison Garden in England is filled with venomous plants.
Peas are the oldest vegetables.
The winning lottery combination was once foretold in a fortune cookie.
25% of bones in human adults are located on their feet.
68% of plant species are endangered.
Redwoods are the tallest trees.
A potato's skin is much healthier than its core.
A meteor with the force of 10 atomic bombs crashed on Earth and no one noticed.
Strawberries are the only known fruit to grow their seeds externally.
Scientists can’t explain what causes four-leafed clovers.
A rare pink dolphin resides in Louisiana.
Bamboos are a form of grass.
The number 57 on the bottle of Heinz ketchup has a meaning.
Plants prevent erosion and landslides.
Rainbows at night exist.
About 80,000 plant species are edible.
Bumblebees are able to fly at great heights.
Ripe cranberries can bounce.
The Arabic word for fingers translates to ‘banana’.
Turnips are high in Fiber.
Eating too many onions can cause sleepiness.
The femur is the largest bone located in the human body.
The world’s most dangerous tree is called the manchineel.
The Terminator was sold for a dollar.
Nicotine is poisonous to insects.
The garlic mustard is a member of only one family.
About one cluster of grapes make up one glass of wine.
The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm.
Your eyebrow shapes can predict your personality.
In Greek, the Iris flower translates to rainbow.
A plant that consumes rats can be found in the Philippines.
An organism with a dissapearing butt exists.
The smell of freshly cut grass is noted to be the grass screaming in distress.
Being gassy is normal.
Baby kangaroos are born the size of an inch.
Almonds are one of the many members of the peach family.
Dogs should not be fed pear and apple seeds.
The chacma baboons reside in Africa’s Namib desert.
The blue whale is the largest known animal on the planet.
The little finger contributes 50% of our hand strength.
Flies hum in the key of F.
The webs of spiders were once used as bandages.
Male rabbits are called bucks.
There is a quick way to escape the grip of a crocodile.
Mosquitoes are unable to penetrate silk.
Square watermelons cost more than round ones.
A tomb found in London is said to be a time machine.
Christian nurses were not allowed to nurse Jewish babies.
The tooth of an elephant weighs around 9 pounds.
The Swiss are known to eat the most chocolate in the world.
Sumo wrestlers often make babies cry for good luck.
The Diana monkey takes its name from a Roman goddess.
A woman once found her lost wedding ring growing on a carrot in her garden.
You can gain calories by licking stamps.
Dogs can learn commands better with hand signals.
Only 3 mammals experience menopause.
A mouse trap built 155 years ago caught a mouse in 2016.
The human bone is stronger than steel.
The oldest chocolates in the world are around 106 years old.
The human tongue has a unique print.
A tarantula can survive two years without food.
You can swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The most common cause of death among babies is Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS).
Bats have very thin leg bones.
Swishing wine inside your mouth allows all your taste buds to detect its flavor.
Your eyelids have the thinnest amount of skin on your body.
There are 1 million ants for every person on the planet.
We can detect taste faster than we can blink.
You can feel happier by crying.
Kangaroos can't hop without their tails.
Egg yolks naturally contain Vitamin D.
Keeping a goldfish in a dark room will cause it to go pale.
A newborn Chinese water deer fits in the palm of the average human hand.
Knowing how to speak Russian is a requirement to become an International astronaut.
French fries did not come from France.
Turtles can drown if they are kept underwater for too long.
The average human processes 100,000 pounds of food in a lifetime.
A total of 32 muscles can be found in one ear of a cat.
A dentist invented the electric chair
Apart from their fur, tigers also have striped skin.
The creator of the font Comic Sans has only used it once.
Humans consume a lot of water.
Moths do not have a stomach.
Fleas can jump 200 times its height.
There are pink lakes in Australia.
The Russians arrived 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics.
The average person eats a total of 8 pounds of grapes annually.
Our bum crack is medically referred to as the intergluteal cleft.
The inventor of the Pringles can was buried in a Pringles can.
The smallest surviving baby weighed 8.5 oz.
A snail can grow new eyes.
The manager of Elvis Presley was also selling hate merchandise for Elvis.
HIV originated from a chimp’s stomach.
The ancient Greeks chewed gum like mastic.
The largest single meteorite found on Earth is the Hoba Meteor.
Plastic bags are better for the environment rather than paper bags.
Most known asteroids in our solar system are located between Jupiter and Mars.
The colors in fireworks depends on the different salts used and mixed with different metals.
Vegetable has no scientific definition.
Soap is used for cleaning because its molecules trap dirt in the center of its compound when in water.
You need to exceed temperatures of 1000 degrees Celcius to burn a diamond.
The fastest man in the world is not physically perfect.
Several people residing in Iceland believe in elves
Sunglasses were not originally designed to protect your eyes from the sun.
Termites and ants are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa.
Humans have five vital organs.
A 10-year old mattress weighs double its original weight.
The Indiana University library is constantly sinking.
A dentist invented cotton candy.
In China, seductively eating a banana during a live stream is illegal.
The first soup ever recorded comes from a hippo.
206 bones make up the skeletal system.
DUI offenders in Ohio are required to use yellow license plates.
The world's deepest postbox is in Japan.
The oldest condom ever found dates back to the 1640s.
La Paz, Bolivia is constantly at a temperature of below 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
Pumpkin flowers are edible.
An American man tried to fake his death so he wouldn't have to pay his phone bill.
Over 87,000 Americans are on a waiting list for organ transplants.
Children are more often poisoned by house plants rather than household chemicals.
Majority of the Muppets are left-handed.
Bacon was once a Middle English term used to refer to all pork.
Bulls are color blind.
Sneezing too hard can cause rib fractures.
In England, a newborn’s head is washed in rum for good luck.
The largest lymphatic organ in the body is the spleen.
Dogs have over 1,700 taste buds.
Carrots have zero fat content.
The females of the Kangaroo species have a total of 3 vaginas.
White chocolate isn’t chocolate.
Brushing your teeth too hard is bad for you.
Giraffes do not possess vocal cords.
Light does not always travel at the speed of light.
A Sardinian Cheese called Casu mazu contains live maggots.
Chinese acupuncture states that there is a point in the head that can control one’s appetite.
There is a bird found in Kea that is over two feet long.
Wisdom teeth have no purpose.
Birds can recognize landmarks.
Dogs and cats also have a dominant side like humans do.
There are more than 10,000 different varieties of tomatoes.
A space mission confirmed that frogs can vomit.
Most of the air you breathe goes out from your nostrils.
The ice cream cone was invented during the 1904 St. Louis world fair.
Research states that the loneliest creature on the planet is a whale.
The spikes at the end of a stegasaurus' tail is called a thagomizer.
A British submarine once kept a fully grown reindeer aboard the vessel in WWII.
David Bowie once stated he was being stalked by a man in a pink rabbit suit.
A human being can live with only one kidney.
As of the beginning of 2004, the U.S. population increases by 1 every 12 seconds.
A surgical procedure that removes fear from your brain exists.
Shaved heads were a symbol of extreme beauty in 1500 B.C Egypt.
There is a species of frog that devours its prey through its eyes.
Your belly button grows hair.
23% of all photocopier problems are caused by people sitting on them.
A human thumb has its own pulse.
A child can ask over a hundred questions a day.
Buzz Aldrin is the first man to ever urinate on the moon.
Certain fruit flies are resistant to getting drunk.
The man with the longest beard in the world died from his beard.
Orange is not the only word in the English language that cannot be rhymed.
Sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick is one of the hardest tongue twisters in the world.
There was a month-long plague in 1518 called Dance fever.
The shortest complete sentence in the English language consists of only two letters.
The smiley was nearly invented by Vladimir Nabokov.
The “Rule of Thumb” phrase originates from old English laws.
Greeks once believed that the mother’s milk originated from the uterus.
The village of Giethoorn has no roads.
Human lips are very sensitive.
The word ‘testify’ comes from an ancient Roman practice.
A family in Kentucky had blue skin for generations.
The word ‘pants’ was once considered to be a dirty word.
The most difficult phrases to create are palindromes.
1000 is the first number from 0 that uses the letter a when spelled.
Earthquakes can permanently shorten the length on the Earth's day.
A bar in London sells vaporized vodka.
Your brain is active even if you are asleep.
Celery has negative calories.
A glacier called blood falls exists.
Over 2 billion pencils are manufactured annually in the U.S.
Quebec City, Canada has a low crime rate.
Your left lung is not as big as the right lung.
Scientist discovered a new bacteria that lives inside hairspray.
The Spanish word for wife is ‘esposa’.
The tip of the Eiffel tower does not lean towards the sun.
More people are afraid of spiders than they are of death.
The human skull is formed by 29 different bones.
The ratio of Americans that have appeared on TV is 1:4.
Humans share about 50% of our DNA with bananas.
The smallest cell in a man’s body is the sperm cell.
More fast-food employees were killed while on shift than police officers in 1998.
Originally, carrots were a purple color.
The U.S. government only owns ⅓ of the land its country has.
A baby will laugh over 300 times a day.
Mars appears red to the human eye due to the iron oxide particles that suspends its atmosphere.
Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age.
Around 70% of virus programmers are said to allegedly work under a strict contract for crime syndicates
Chilli peppers are not spicy.
Human blood is red due to the hemoglobin in our bodies.
Grapes will explode inside the microwave.
The human teeth are as strong as a shark’s teeth.
Potatoes can reflect your wi-fi signal.
You can turn coal mixed in peanut butter into a diamond.
The cornea does not receive a blood supply.
The Sasser worm mainly targets computers running on Microsoft OS and exploits a vulnerable network port.
Mixing sperm and caffeine in a test tube makes them swim better.
Saltwater takes 10 minutes to drown a person.
The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree.
Inhaling helium will cause your voice to travel through your vocal cords quicker.
Peanut butter contains insect fragments.
Tulips were considered very valuable in the 1600s.
The human skull remains conscious after decapitation.
Onions contain sulphuric acid.
Bull sharks can adapt to freshwater environments.
You would need about 37 gallons of water to grow a coffee bean.
The oldest wine bottle can be found in Germany.
The roast camel is the largest menu item in the world.
3 Students once installed keystroke loggers onto their teacher's computers to hack and sell grades to students.
An apple is composed of 25% air.
Hundreds of pirate attacks occur each year.
The rafflesia is the biggest flower.
The average person spends 6 months of their life waiting for traffic lights to turn green.
The chef of Charles the first is paid £500 a year to keep his ice cream recipe a secret.
Cherophobia is the fear of being happy.
The heartbeat of a blue whale can be heard from two miles away.
Frogs do not drink water.
Cabbages are 92% water.
There is a bridge made especially for squirrels.
A footlong from subway is not one foot long.
Marie Curie’s old notebooks remain radioactive until today.
Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal.
Roosters have built-in earplugs in them.
Bananas can naturally make people happy.
The father of Computer Science committed suicide.
Hydrofluoric acid is the least acidic but remains the most dangerous.
The Netherlands has to import criminals to fill up their jails.
Rain has a smell.
Taxi drivers in London are called cabbies.
Mushrooms aren’t plants.
A wild dog is ranked as the most successful predator.
Apple pie is not American.
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia.
The human body is the cause of metallic smells found in coins and other metals.
The popsicle was invented by an 11-year-old.
Expiration dates on a bottle of water is not for the water.
The word "Typewriter" is the longest word you can type using only one row of the keyboard.
Large banks use computers to process checks and debit card charges by the highest amount first.
The longest musical performance in history still occurs today.
There are more than 300 dead bodies on Mount Everest.
A meteor as strong as 10 atomic bombs exploded over Earth and everyone missed it.
Dogs like squeaking toys because it sounds like their prey.
If the sun exploded, you wouldn't know until eight minutes later.
Ferrets will die after a year of no sex.
The longest hiccups lasted nearly 69 years.
You swallow about 365 cups of mucus in a year.
You sweat an average of 26 gallons on your bed per year.
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
Shadows are darker on the Moon.
Human meat is rich in protein.
A duel of three people is called a truel.
Beer was a soft drink in Russia.
Blood donors in Sweden get texts when their blood is used.
Before “bloopers” was coined, there were "boners".
The small holes under frozen pizzas prevent air bubbles from forming in the dough.
“Bluetooth” was named after a king.
Viagra can make flowers stay erect, too.
Dogs are banned from Antarctica.
In Slovakia they have a Christmas Carp that lives in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten.
Iguanas have three eyes.
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf in his cap to keep it cool.
About 100 people choke on pens each year in the U.S.
Nutmeg can be poisonous.
Our eyes remain the same size from birth.
The least successful Harry Potter film made less than the most successful Twilight movie.
Singapore has a 15-story car vending machine.
The tallest LEGO tower of all time is 112 feet high.
Oranges were originally green.
Pigs can’t look up.
The British Queen’s handbag is a communication device.
You can see two sunsets from the Burj Khalifa in one day.
Antarctica is the largest desert in the world.
Mammoths were still alive when the Egyptians were building the Great Pyramids.
Ants can’t die from falling.
You’re 10 times more likely to get bitten by a person than a shark.
Fried chicken came from Scotland.
10 gallons of carrot juice can kill a person.
A house fire inspired The Sims.
Woodpeckers would eat brains if they get too hungry.
A volcanic eruption once killed 80% of the Earth’s sheep.
A Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola’s secrets to Pepsi.
Cats don’t meow at other cats.
A fortune cookie once predicted the lottery, and 110 people won.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins.
The Empire State Building has a ZIP code of its own.
The shortest war in history lasted less than an hour.
The Eiffel Tower was supposed to be in Barcelona.
PEZ candy was made to help smokers quit.
The longest TV ad of all time is 14 hours long.
Bananas glow blue under UV light.
Handshakes were originally a safety measure.
An actor’s brain activity is different when in character.
The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days.
There’s an apartment inside the Eiffel Tower.
Marsupials have three vaginas.
Tug of war, live pigeon shooting, and pistol dueling used to be in the Olympics.
The largest margarine sculpture weighs more than 3,000 pounds.
The tallest dog ever was a 7-foot Great Dane.
Spider webs were used as bandages in ancient times.
There’s a cheese eaten with live maggots.
Silver cars are the least accident-prone.
The first man to pee on the moon was Buzz Aldrin.
A woman who lost her wedding ring found it over a decade later on a carrot in her garden.
¼ of all your bones are in your feet.
A 155-year-old mouse trap successfully caught a mouse in 2016.
A human could swim through a blue whale's veins.
The man who created Comic Sans used it once.
There is only one Blockbuster store left in the world.
The Dutch village of Giethoorn doesn’t have roads.
There’s a high voltage ejector bed that launches you out of sleep.
There’s a family of people with blue skin in Kentucky.
The butterflies in your stomach are a distress call.
The katzenklavier was a piano made out of cats.
The Romans used to clean their teeth with urine.
The largest pizza measured 13,580.28 square feet.
There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body.
Cats can be manipulative.
Archaeologists discovered an “elixir” in an ancient Chinese tomb.
Before alarm clocks, there were human alarms.
Mice in Central America can sing almost 100 notes.
There’s a McDonald’s with a turquoise arch.
Wimbledon tennis balls must be stored at perfect room temperature.
In Japan, napping at work is honorable.
Sleeping in public is totally cool in Japan.
LEGO has an underground vault with all the LEGO sets ever made.
The world record for most tosses of a pancake in a minute is 140 tosses.
The smell of freshly-cut grass is a distress signal.
Bangladesh has six seasons.
“Huh?” Is a universal word for humans.
Platypuses don’t have stomachs.
It would take over 20 years to eat at every NYC restaurant.
Air pollution now kills more people than smoking.
Chip bags are full of nitrogen.
Häagen-Dazs doesn’t mean anything.
Harrod’s was the first place to sell toilet paper.
There is no word that rhymes with orange.
It takes more muscles to smile than to frown.
Jupiter is made entirely of gases.
97% of the earth’s water is undrinkable.
Donald Duck never wore pants.
Vincent Van Gogh only sold 1 painting in his entire life.
Tomatoes are fruits, not vegetables.
Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows.
The only food that doesn’t spoil is honey.
A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close down in Tanzania.
The man with the longest beard tripped and died because of it.
The Vatican City drinks the most wine per person.
The Mona Lisa may have had eyebrows.
The tongue isn’t the strongest muscle in the body.
One man’s sperm can impregnate every woman on earth.
The 7-fold paper is a myth.
About 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
Over a dozen skeletons were found in Benjamin Franklin's basement.
The Guinness Book of Records is the most stolen book at Public Libraries.
When you sneeze, your heart stops for a millisecond.
The human heart can squirt blood 30 ft far.
Wearing headphones for an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear 700 times.
At the equator, you would weigh less than if standing at one of the poles.
A pharaoh once bathed his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him.
Less than 20% of laughter comes after jokes.
A 17 year-old once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
A rollercoaster can make you pass kidney stones.
Trees can grow in your lungs.
Dancing mania killed 15 people a day in 1518.
If you’re murdered in the U.S., there’s a 1-in-3 chance police will never identify your killer.
In 2005, Australia banned the word “mate.”
The Pacu fish has human-like teeth.
Some people have an extra bone in their knee.
Playing the accordion used to be required for teachers in North Korea.
Children's medicine used to have morphine.
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature.
Dentures used to be made of dead peoples’ teeth.
The Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland used to have real skeletons.
A 100-foot asteroid nearly hit the Earth once.
Madame Tussaud used real heads for her first wax creations.
Rome has a purgatory museum.
At Harvard University, there is a book made with human skin.
People used to take photos with their dead relatives.
No one knows how Edgar Allan Poe died.
Rome once had a horse senator.
Antonio López de Santa Anna held a state funeral for his leg after it was amputated.
People in New England though tuberculosis was vampirism.
Anna Mae Dickinson cheated death 5 times.
Heroin used to be sold as cough medicine.
Dracula was an actual person.
Edgar Allan Poe may have predicted the future.
Honey can be used for torture.
Pigs have free speech in Florida.
Sweat doesn't actually stink.
It is illegal to sell a "bounceless" pickle in Connecticut.
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire.
France has 12 timezones.
Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart.
Your liver can regenerate in three weeks.
A 70-year-old woman once completed one marathon for each continent in a week.
A woman was once constipated for nearly two months.
Beethoven could still hear after going deaf.
You can always "see" your nose.
Shaq only made one three-pointer in his whole career.
Detroit undercover cops once fought another group of undercover cops.
America accidentally dropped an atom bomb on South Carolina in 1958.
Blue Whale calves grow 200 pounds per day.
Medical errors are one of the leading causes of death in the U.S.
Praying mantis mating is deadly… literally.
Paint used to be kept in pig bladders.
Toy Story 2 was almost deleted.
When giraffes fight, they neck it out.
The most blueberries eaten in a minute is 86 blueberries.
The most sausages made in one minute is 78 sausages.
The world record for the fastest drinking of a bottle of ketchup is less than half a minute long.
The fastest pizza eater finished a 12-inch in less than half a minute.
The biggest chocolate rabbit in the world is over 4,000 kg heavy.
The most expensive hotdog is priced at almost US$200.
Adult wolves feed wolf pups regurgitated meat from their hunts.
The biggest tooth ever recovered from a human is 1.4” long.
Super Mario Land is darker than you thought.
The most teeth extracted from a person is 526.
Minecraft's overworld has a surface area 9,258,235 times larger than the earth.
The “knees” you see on a flamingo is actually their ankle joints.
After you cut off its head, a chicken can run the length of an entire football field before it drops dead.
A headless chicken survived for 18 months.
“Chicken guns” launch chicken carcasses at aircraft windows.
Chickens outnumber humans.
The world record for the most egg yolks in one egg is 9 yolks.
Lefties are kinky, supposedly.
In a 2007 study in Taiwan, about 59.3% of children studied had been forced to convert from left-handedness.
Flamingos produce milk - kind of.
There’s a cannibal galaxy next door.
The sun contains over 99% of the mass in our galaxy.
Scientists detected a radio signal in space from 5 billion light-years away.
A Japanese man married a video game character in 2009.
Studies have shown that playing Tetris can curb sex, drug, and food cravings.
We always see the same side of the moon.
Chickens can recognize up to 100 faces.
Neil Armstrong's astronaut application arrived past the deadline.
Waffle House is used to measure storms.
The first tagline for the Nerf ball was “Nerf: You can’t hurt babies or old people!”
Tootsie Rolls used to be part of WWII rations.
A solar eclipse once ended a six-year war.
Both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on Independence Day.
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures.
Trained dolphins protect nuclear weapons.
Topeka used to be called ToPikachu.
Dr. Seuss said he expected to spend about a week writing The Cat in the Hat.
The plural form of cul-de-sac is culs-de-sac.
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned from Australian television.
A gamer completed Dark Souls using a Rock Band guitar.
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink consumed in space.
The biggest video game collection has a library of over 20,000 games.
Burger King made a left handed burger.
People used to eat flamingo tongue.
Mars’ sunset is blue.
Chickens dream.
Flamingo chicks are born gray.
A man reached level 90 in World of Warcraft without leaving the starting zone, ever.
After Ratatouille, more people started buying pet rats.
The snow in Wizard of Oz is actually asbestos.
There were 10,297 balloons in Up.
Jurassic Park raptor cries are actually tortoise sex noises.
The Matrix Code means sushi.
The first ever winner of Survivor got jail time for tax evasion.
LEGO is the world's largest tire manufacturer.
The "wasabi" you get with your sushi isn't actually wasabi.
Corn Flakes were invented to prevent masturbation.
Human beings share 99.9 percent of the same genes.
Hitler was once nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
The U.S. flag was designed by a 17-year-old for school.
Bald eagles don't sound like in the movies.
Bearcat urine smells like buttered popcorn.
Abraham Lincoln's dog was also killed.
The Wombat poops in cubes.
The heart symbol was inspired by ancient birth control.
A cockroach can live for weeks after its head has been cut off.
All cereal box characters look down, and it’s because of psychology.
Jelly beans are coated with insect juice.
Humans have farted 17 quadrillion times since the beginning of time.
One kiss transfers more than 80 million germs.
Scientists used to believe there were little people inside sperm.
Starfish eat with their stomachs outside their body.
The universe is officially colored "Cosmic Latte."
Turtles breathe out of their butts.
A head of human hair is strong enough to support 12 tons.
Abercrombie & Fitch paid MTV to make sure the cast of Jersey Shore doesn’t wear their clothes.
The top six earners in reality TV are all Kardashians.
No one knows why flamingos stand on one foot.
Women blink more often than men.
The lint that collects in your pockets is called gnurr.
The founders of Hewlett-Packard flipped a coin to determine whose name would come first.
Some animals can delay their pregnancies.
Sigmund Freud once believed that cocaine could help treat morphine addiction.
NASA had to rename the sizes of male astronaut peeing apparatus.
The line between the numbers in a fraction has a name.
You can estimate the temperature through cricket chirps.
The U.S. pizza industry serves 100 acres of pizza each day.
Scientists accidentally killed the world's oldest animal while trying to learn its age.
The metal studs on jeans are called “rivets.”
The verb form of the word "run" has almost 650 different meanings.
A cubic inch of bone is four times as strong as concrete.
Camels have three eyelids.
An ostrich's brain size is smaller than its eyeball.
Dead women can still give birth.
A jellyfish's mouth is also its anus.
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.
In Welsh folklore, corgis carried fairies.
People used to answer the phone by saying "Ahoy!"
Chopsticks were initially created for cooking, not as an eating utensil.
In 16th Century England, pies were filled with surprises.
Saffron is more expensive than gold.
Bird’s nest soup is made of bird saliva.
You can’t mess up mushrooms.
Craving ice is a symptom of iron deficiency.
Vampire bats drink half their body weight in blood.
High heels were invented for men.
There's a brewery in Japan that makes beer from elephant poop.
You are 13.8 percent more likely to die on your birthday.
The world's longest fart lasted over a minute long.
There’s a world record for the largest number of people dressed up as penguins.
The longest ear hair in the world may be longer than your actual hair.
The loudest burp in the world is louder than a chainsaw.
The most Big Macs ever eaten by a person is 26,000 burgers.
The stretchiest skin in the world can stretch over 6 inches.
The most piercings on a person is over 4,000.
The longest distance covered while lifting a table with teeth is 38 feet.
The longest metal coil inserted through the nose and mouth is 11 feet long.
The longest fingernails ever grown on a woman reached over 28 ft.
There’s a sport for making weird faces.
The oldest stripper started at 60 years old.
The longest tongue on a dog was over a foot long.
The most soda cans opened by a bird is 35.
The world’s longest legs measure 4 ft long.
The longest kiss in the world lasted almost 60 hours.
A man once ate an entire plane.
The heaviest carrot in the world weighs over 10 kg.
The longest noodle in the world is over 10,000 feet long.
The most layers on a sandwich is 60.
The most M&Ms eaten with chopsticks while blindfolded is 20 pieces.
The largest scoop of ice-cream weighed over 1000 kg.
Tootsie Rolls were used as emergency rations in WWII.
Marie Curie is the only person with two Nobel prizes in different sciences.
A solar eclipse helped end a six-year war in 583 BCE.
Atlanta has 71 streets with the word ‘Peachtree’ in it.
The name for the Boston Celtics was chosen over the options of Whirlwinds and Olympians.
Topeka, Kansas renamed itself ‘ToPikachu’ for a day.
Culs-de-sac is the plural of Cul-de-sac.
R.L. Stine wrote the jokes for the Bazooka Joe wrappers.
The Northwest Territories in Canada once wanted to rename itself.
‘G-mail’ was once the name of a free email service from Garfield’s website.
In 1872, Susan B. Anthony was fined for voting.
Ice cream headaches have a scientific term.
The ‘&’ symbol is called the ampersand.
The term grumble is used to refer to a group of pugs.
The largest U.S Navy stockpile of nuclear weapons is guarded by dolphins.
James Naismith invented basketball.
Army ants can misinterpret the scents of other ants and go off-trail.
It takes an average of 364 licks to get to the center of a lollipop.
A statue of Nikola Tesla provides free wi-fi.
The bent joint in the legs of the flamingo is its ankles.
There is a world championship for throwing mobile phones.
It is illegal to waste food in French supermarkets.
Harrison Schmitt was allergic to moon dust.
Through the seasons, a reindeer’s eyes will change color.
Shaking or waving a Polaroid photo can damage it.
‘The Cat in the Hat’ took a year and a half to finish writing.
Many playgrounds built for seniors can be found in Barcelona.
The tin can was patented by Peter Durand in 1810.
Dum Dums’ mystery flavor lollipops have been revealed.
New parents lose around 750 hours of sleep in the first year of their firstborn’s birth.
An extra character from Empire Strikes Back can be seen running with an ice cream maker.
The Starry Night is drawn from the viewpoint of Van Gogh from the asylum.
Eleanor Roosevelt once snuck out of a white house event to go on a joyride in a plane.
Two men bought and buried the hatchet during a Gettysburg reunion in 1913.
Thomas Jefferson passed away 50 years after the Declaration of Independence.
Canned pumpkins do not contain actual pumpkins.
Over 93,000 liters of beer are lost in facial hair in the UK.
The author of Curious George fled Paris before the Nazis invaded.
The founder of Wendy’s dropped out of high school.
Ronald Regan could have been in Back to the Future III.
Moonshiners wore cow shoes to evade the police.
Bathwater stays warmer for a longer duration with bubbles.
The voice of Winnie the Pooh is Jim Cummings.
Abraham Lincoln was a wrestling champion.
The pupil of a goat is rectangular.
The cookie monster is not changing his name.
A double rainbow is a mirror image of the first rainbow.
Take out restaurants have been found in the remains of Pompeii.
It was Gene Wilder’s idea for Wonka to walk with a limp and do a somersault.
The U.S. Army attempted to make a telepathic ray gun.
Request for non-existent books is often received by the Library of Congress.
Dogs can understand up to 250 hand gestures and words.
Children can volunteer to read to dogs in Missouri.
Watching horror movies increase a clotting protein in the bloodstream.
An eggnog-like drink was served to the guests of George Washington.
The Nigerian Civil war was placed on hold for two days to watch a soccer match.
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned in Australia.
Salvador Dali never paid his restaurant tabs.
Lobsters were not considered a delicacy in colonial America.
Harry Burnett invented Reese’s Cups.
Foreign Accent Syndrome is one of the rarest side effects of brain trauma.
Evidence from Seymour Island suggest that penguins were once 6 ft tall.
Captive Ravens can speak better than parrots.
Fried chicken came from the Scots.
Chihuahuas have the largest brain in the dog world.
A banana is a berry.
Elephants will comfort each other when sad.
The Hollywood walk of fame gave Frank Sinatra three stars.
Crayola means ‘oily chalk’.
Tsundoku is the Japanese art of hoarding books and never reading them.
The founders of Google were willing to sell their site to Excite for under $1M.
Avocados never ripen while they are still attached to the tree.
There is a mental state in which you think you are the star of a reality show.
Queen Elizabeth II owned over 30 corgis.
There is an underground temperature-controlled vault owned by LEGO.
It is illegal to take rocks from the Petrified Forest National Park.
China owns all of the pandas in the world.
Wisconsin is the badger state.
The Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis published a paper regarding the writer's block.
A bloodhound from Alabama finished a marathon in 7th place.
The voice of the Yellow M&M is J.K. Simmons.
The Zapruder family was paid handsomely for the footage of JFK’s assassination.
People from the English Midlands use black cats to bless marriages.
Bob Ross once created a monochromatic painting.
The first match made on Tinder was in Antarctica.
Dolly Parton has donated over 100 million books to children.
Fingernails grow at the same rate that the continental drift moves.
‘Deja reve’ is the term used for an experienced previously encountered in a dream.
Sleep cleans your brain.
Mariano Martinez invented the frozen margarita machine.
The Queen of England is a trained mechanic.
Portland’s name was decided on through a coin flip.
When he passed away, Bela Lugosi was buried in his full Dracula costume.
Swedish blood donors are given a thank you text when their blood is used to help a person.
Good sportsmanship is a big part of the curling.
Traditional vampire folklore depicts vampires with arithmomania.
Some trees in Melbourne have their email addresses.
Some cats have allergies to humans.
The first black female streetcar conductor was Maya Angelou.
The lamppost in Central Park has a coded navigational system.
Fat or carbs don’t make you fat.
Foods that are gluten-free does not mean its healthy.
Drinks that include sugar are the most fattening.
Not all vegetable oils are healthy.
The human body is managed by beneficial bacteria.
Artificial trans fats should not be consumed by humans.
Cholesterol itself is not harmful to you.
You can get addicted to junk food.
Eggs are high in nutrients.
New foods may lead to the development of new health risks.
There is no need to eat every other hour.
Red meat cannot rot inside the colon of a human.
Health claims on packaging are often misleading
Low-fat diets are not healthy.
Your weight is not directly correlated with your health status.
People with type 2 diabetes are resistant to insulin.
Fruit juice is the same as soda.
Supplements marketed for weight loss often does nothing.
Counting every single calorie is not necessary.
There is no such thing as the perfect diet.
Vegetables are your body’s best friend.
Supplements cannot provide the full benefits that real foods provide.
Diets are not effective.
Processed foods lack major nutrients.
Vitamin D is an essential part of your health.
The human body depends on fats for body heat.
Moderated consumption of sodium helps regulate blood pressure.
Regular water intake is essential for the human body.
Moderation is healthy and acceptable.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Introducing children to good nutrition at a young age helps them develop healthy eating habits.
Avocados have more fat than any other fruit.
The Miracle fruit contains Miraculin.
Raw spinach will have the same amount of protein as a sirloin steak.
The skin of apple contains most of its nutrients.
Drinking tea can help prevent scurvy.
‘Needing to intake 8 glasses of water a day’ is not the complete statement.
Amaranth was once used by the Aztecs as their primary diet.
Coffee flour made from coffee cherries are high in fiber.
California has the highest milk standards out of all the states in America.
Females absorb more Vitamin D than men.
The earliest signs of scurvy have been dated back to 1550 B.C.
Las Vegas has a service that helps you with your hangovers.
Brain damage can be a sign of over consumption of alcohol.
Many studies have not found connections to Vitamin C and the prevention of colds.
Calcium supplements should not be taken without Vitamin K.
Eating kiwifruit’s skin is healthy.
The Black Sapote is low in fat.
Blood can be used as a substitute for eggs when baking.
The liver of a polar bear can kill a human adult.
The white spots on your fingernails are nothing to worry about.
Vegetables such as broccoli, parsley, and brussels sprouts have more Vitamin C than oranges.
All animals can make Vitamin C in their bodies.
Potatoes are one of the most beneficial root vegetables you can consume.
Golden rice is a genetically engineered Vitamin A rich strain of rice.
Vitamins are short for Vital Amines.
Individuals who drink whole milk are less likely to be fat.
Milk can help lower anxiety and depression.
TRPM8 is what causes the brain to think something is colder after intaking mint.
Oranges are not the most common source for Vitamin C.
Vitamin A enriched rice was developed over 15 years ago.
All the essential amino acids can be found in the leaves of the Moringa tree.
There are over 50,000 different types of edible plants on the planet.
The ‘% Daily Value’ on nutrition labels has not been updated since 1968.
About 20% or more calories collectively consumed by people come from one source.
A pound of spinach will have the same amount of calories as two oreo cookies.
The average medieval peasant consumed more calories than modern man today.
Unfrosted pop tarts will have more calories.
Eating celery sticks will result in negative calories.
Beef is rich in zinc and vitamins.
Chocolate is good for the skin.
Avocados, almonds, and arugula can improve your sex drive.
Oatmeal can make your body produce serotonin.
Your body takes hours to digest the food you eat.
The saying ‘An apple a day keeps the doctor away’ is true.
The healthiest fat that can be found in food is in extra virgin olive oil.
Walking at a face pace is good for your health.
Losing a pound of fat requires you to burn 3,500 calories.
Regular physical activity can reduce back pain.
Eggs contain healthy amino acids.
Dehydration can cause you to become irritable and moody.
Eating nuts are incredibly nutritional despite the fat.
Fatty fish are a good source of protein.
Overcooked meat is unhealthy.
Alcohol is beneficial.
Herbs have many health benefits.
High potassium diets can improve and maintain blood pressure.
The healthiest citrus fruit is the grapefruit.
Foods with folic acids help the body form red blood cells.
Heart health can improve by ingesting lemons.
Chewing gum helps you stay alert.
Obesity may soon be the leading risk of cancer.
People today eat an average of 600 calories more per day compared to people in the 1970s.
Exercising 10 minutes each day can significantly improve your health.
Job strain can contribute to type 2 diabetes.
People begin losing muscle mass at the age of 30.
Excessive sitting is more likely to cause inflammation in women.
Regular consumption of fruits is good for the liver.
Eating can help improve your mood.
The majority of American diets fail.
Rubber bands will last much longer when they are refrigerated.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The Grand Theft Auto franchise has lawsuits that total over $1 billion.
All clocks in Pulp Fiction are set to 4:20.
The eye of an ostrich is bigger than its brain.
A dime has 118 ridges on its edge.
On average, a secretary will use its left hand for 56% of what they type on a keyboard.
The largest pair of eyes in the world belongs to the giant squid.
The Pokemon Rhydon was the first to ever be created.
Super Mario Land was the most popular game on the Game Boy during its release.
The dot over the small letter 'i' is called a tittle.
Japan has 23 vending machines per person.
Soccer balls were once used for playing basketball.
A candle’s flame is hot and blue in zero gravity.
Putting sugar on a cut will make it heal faster.
X-rays can’t detect real diamonds.
There are 7 different types of twins.
The national flag of Libya was formerly just the color green.
The plastic tips of shoelaces are called aglets.
Sign language has tongue twisters.
Penguins fly underwater.
Minnie the Mouse’s first name is not Minnie.
Rudolph the Reindeer is female.
A jiffy is a proper unit of time.
April 11, 1954, was recorded as the most boring day in the world.
Tiramisu translates to ‘take me to heaven’ in Italian.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter.
Brunch was invented as a way of curing hangovers.
Hitler’s nephew betrayed him.
The continental plates move at the same rate that fingernails grow.
Sailors working for the Royal Navy need special permission to grow their beards.
There are fewer stars than there are trees on Earth.
Mary and James are the most popular names around the world.
Children are born less frequently on Saturdays.
Danish mothers are known to be the most hardworking moms in the world.
75 burgers are sold in McDonald’s every second.
1,700 people become millionaires every day in the U.S.
You can’t hum while holding your nose.
You are more likely to have a weird or scary dream when sleeping on your stomach.
Your eyeballs do not grow or change their size as you age.
Blue-eyed people have higher alcohol tolerance.
Pubic hair lives for about 3 weeks long.
Male bees can only mate once.
Smelling green apples help with weight loss.
A snail has 2,500 teeth.
You can die from staying up for two weeks straight.
Pigeons can't fart.
Space partly smells like diesel fuel and barbeque.
One strand of hair can hold up to 3 ounces of weight.
Watching horror movies before viewing abstract art will enhance the experience.
Children’s book author, Roald Dahl was a spy.
NASCAR drivers lose weight while racing.
Indians read the most in the world.
Cap'n Crunch was once sued for not using real berries.
Cap'n Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
The most widely printed book in the world is the catalog for IKEA.
Crocodiles are one of the planet’s oldest living creatures.
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon.
The salty taste of bacon isn’t natural.
There was a fifth member of the Beatles.
Apple once had a clothing line.
3 Musketeer chocolate bars used to have 3 flavors.
You cannot crack your knuckles.
The bones of the human body can multiply in density.
Your funny bone is a nerve.
A french pig was executed for killing a child.
Pineapples are named after pinecones.
Scotland has over 400 words to refer to snow.
There are more than 200 flavors of Kit Kat in Japan.
New Zealand was once auctioned on eBay.
There is a city in Oregon called Boring.
Leeches were used to predict the weather.
The ‘?!’ punctuation mark has a term.
Only owning one guinea pig is illegal in Switzerland.
A man in Florida once threw a live alligator through a drive-thru window.
Great Britain once had a number where you can report rogue traffic cones.
The largest recorded snowflake is 15 inches wide.
McDonald’s once had bubblegum flavored broccoli.
American Airlines saved money by getting rid of olives from their meals.
‘OMG’ was first used in a letter to Winston Churchill in 1917.
Sailors consider black cats good luck.
A janitor invented the flaming hot Cheetos.
North Korean teachers were required to play the accordion.
Melting glaciers make fizzy noises.
Male students attending Brigham Young University cannot grow beards.
A pistol can only be used by one hand.
Black taxis in London are tall for a reason.
Flipping a shark will render it temporarily immobile.
The largest living organism is an aspen grove.
Someone will write and recite a poem at your funeral if you die in the Netherlands.
Alan Shepard played golf on the moon.
Ioannis Ikonomou has been the chief translator of the European Parliament since 2002.
Kummerspeck is German for the weight gained during emotional eating.
SEARS once sold houses.
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia.
Cold water is just as cleansing as hot water.
David Bowie helped topple the Berlin wall.
Tap water in Manhattan is not Kosher.
A park ranger from the U.S was once hit by lightning 7 times.
The fedora was originally a hat made for women.
The story of Beauty and the Beast was aimed to make women open to arranged marriages.
Timothy Leary escaped prison.
Bottled water has an expiration date.
Many pets from the U.S run away on July 4th.
Queen Elizabeth cannot sit on the Iron Throne.
Incan people used knots to keep track of records.
Monty Python has one of the most requested songs for funerals in England.
The state of Virginia may contain hidden treasure.
Fake ambulances are hired in Russia by the wealthy.
Most businesses do not see the practicality of having diaper tables.
The world’s most successful pirate was a woman.
The KKK was taken down with help from Superman.
The Baseball Hall of Fame had a secret inductee.
Milk wagons are the reason why we have roadway lines.
The most successful predator is a wild dog.
A man was once saved by a sea lion.
Saliva can be used to monitor alcohol intake.
The world’s largest pyramid cannot be found in Egypt.
Some pandas fake a pregnancy to get better healthcare.
Cacti come in many different colors other than green.
The inventor of the frisbee became a frisbee himself.
Dolphins have names.
One species of ants can only be found in Manhattan, New York.
Around 30,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992.
Charles Darwin’s pet turtle outlived him.
Losing weight alters brain activity.
The folds in a chef’s hat represents the number of ways you can cook an egg.
Cactus spines can be used to make hooks.
Depending on how they descend, waterfalls have different classifications.
Neil Armstrong never said ‘That's one small step for man’.
The odds of getting a royal flush is 1 in 649,740.
Driving south from Detroit will lead to Canada.
More people speak English as their second language than those who use it as their mother tongue.
Sleep deprivation makes it harder to lose weight.
The world’s largest single drop waterfall is the Kaieteur Falls.
Your teeth are unique.
The most popular state bird is the Northern cardinal.
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
A single dollar bill costs 5 cents to make.
Baby sea otters are unable to swim.
Snakes can predict earthquakes.
The King of Hearts is the only King without a mustache.
Only two diseases have been completely eradicated.
The only English word that ends with ‘mt’ is Dreamt.
May 29th is Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day.
The opposite sides of dice will always equal 7.
The metal studs found on denim jeans serve a particular purpose.
The average adult spends more time on the toilet than exercising.
About 7% of American adults believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Cats can't taste sweet flavors.
Bananas get their curved shape by growing towards the sun.
Your fingernails on your dominant hand grow faster.
Apple seeds contain cyanide.
Frigate birds can sleep while flying.
Only one capital in the U.S has no McDonald’s.
People used to answer the phone with “ahoy”.
Playing dance music helps ward off mosquitoes.
Billy goats urinate on their heads to become more attractive.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie.
Among all the Disney princesses, Mulan has the highest kill count.
Pinocchio cannot say ‘my nose will grow now’.
You are 13.8% more likely to die on your date of birth.
Alaska is the only state whose name is on a single row on the keyboard.
Many oranges are green.
Vantablack has a trademark.
A man once set a record by putting on over 260 t-shirts.
Queen Elizabeth is a trained mechanic.
Optical illusions can be found at the bottom of the sea.
123456 is the most common password.
The average American spends 2.5 days annually looking for lost items.
Technicolored squirrels roam the lands of Southern India.
Basenji dogs can't bark.
Dragonflies can’t walk.
Space travel makes mice run in circles.
The chicken is the closest relative to the T-Rex.
Two-thirds of millennials go to sleep naked.
Sloths hold their breaths longer than dolphins.
More monopoly money is printed annually rather than actual currency.
‘Schoolmaster’ is an anagram of ‘the classroom’.
Ravens are always aware when someone is watching them.
An eagle is capable of killing a young deer and flying away with it.
Baby spiders are called spiderlings.
A palindrome is a sentence that is the same when read backward and forwards.
The roar of a lion can be heard up to 5 miles away.
The average male will become bored after 26 minutes of shopping.
The U.S. Navy uses Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
There is a species of spider dubbed the ‘hobo spider’.
Baby octopuses are the size of a flea.
The premiere of the TV reality show ‘16 and pregnant’ helped lower the rate of teen pregnancy.
Up to 20% of power outages in the U.S are due to squirrels.
95% of people text things that they would never say in person.
The Mayo Clinic made glow in the dark cats while trying to find a cure for AIDS.
The Antarctic glaciers are made up of 3% penguin urine.
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are banned in China.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The happiest prisoner on death row had an IQ of 46.
Violin bows are made from horsehair.
IKEA is an acronym.
Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers in 2009.
A Norwegian Island made dying illegal.
People who post their fitness routine on social media are more likely to have psychological problems.
Dr Pepper does not have a period.
There is an underwater version of rugby.
You can burn calories just by standing.
Mice typically only live for 6 months in the wild.
The backward punctuation mark is used to identify sarcasm.
If a body is too obese, it can cause complications when being cremated.
Flossing your teeth improves memory.
A common souvenir people bring from the U.S are red solo cups.
St. Lucia is the only country that is named after a woman.
Ben & Jerry’s made a graveyard for their former flavors.
Pluto was one temporarily closer to the sun than Neptune.
About $3.70 is given to an American child per tooth they lose.
There is a scientific term for brain freezes.
Only one letter in the English alphabet cannot be found on the periodic table.
The calling shotgun for the front passenger seat comes from a messenger.
A single strand of spaghetti is individually referred to as spaghetto.
Pointing your car keys to your head helps you find your car faster.
The fat Buddha statue and in pictures is not Buddha himself.
A jockey from 1923 managed to finish a race after dying.
The largest prime number has 17,425,170 digits.
The largest grand piano in the world was built by a teenager.
A Polish doctor once faked an outbreak to keep the Nazi’s away.
The 1996 film called Scream increased the usage of caller IDs in the U.S.
The spiked dog collars are meant to protect their necks from attacks.
Jack Daniels died from a toe injury.
The boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 takes a week to beat.
The correct English translation for Jesus is Joshua.
The first service animals were established in Germany.
The planet was named Pluto thanks to an 11-year-old girl.
Around 50% of the mined gold on Earth comes from one source.
12 plants and 5 animals make up 75% of diets around the world.
Shakira was rejected from her elementary choir group.
Minnesota has the world’s quietest room.
The Japanese have its own word for book hoarders.
Every decade, brain fibers lose 10% of their strength.
The happiest countries in the world have the highest antidepressant consumers.
The official language of Ireland is not the most spoken in the country.
Sourtoe cocktails are served in Yukon.
The release of Pokemon GO increased game-related accidents by 26.5%.
Mexican prisons do not punish you for non-violent attempts to escape.
A BBC radio announcer once stated that they did not have any news.
Starfishes do not have blood.
The most mathematical flag in the world belongs to Nepal.
It did not take more than $1M to build Mt. Rushmore.
Samsung translates to ‘three stars’ in Korean.
Geckos eat the skin they shed.
The U.S. government issued Santa Claus a pilot’s license.
Polar bears charge at a group of walruses while hunting.
You are able to become less depressed if you stay up.
Adult cats will only meow at humans.
There are more possible arrangements in shuffling a deck of cards than there are stars in the sky.
Therapy has been found to be least effective at battling depression compared to playing video games.
Bi-weekly has two connotations.
In 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre.
The human vagina always holds a small amount of yeast.
Connecticut accidentally issued an Emergency Evacuation Alert in 2005.
Russians believe that eating ice cream will keep you warm.
Lemurs were one the size of gorillas.
Adding all the numbers on a roulette wheel will equivalent to 666.
The day after Thanksgiving is the busiest day for American plumbers.
Mount Everest is not the tallest mountain in our solar system.
Russell Horning is famous on the internet as the Backpack Kid.
The oldest currency in the world is the British pound.
The Great Pyramid of Giza has more than four sides.
The only innate fear we have at birth is the fear of falling and loud noises.
The average horse is capable of 746 watts of power.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is tilted due to the soil at its base.
Slavery was once legal in Mauritania.
England and Portugal still maintain their alliance until today.
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
Uranus takes 84 years to orbit the sun.
A shape with 26 sides is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.
Applying equal pressure on an egg will prevent it from breaking.
There are over 6,000 species of grass.
The Earth holds about 11 quintillion pounds of air.
There is a term for a person that is perpetually afraid of being late.
The queens in ant colonies live for around 30 years.
The map size in GTA V is twice the actual size of Manhattan.
The paint on the Eiffel tower is equivalent to ten elephants.
The largest living thing on Earth is a tree.
You can fit about 400 grapevines in one acre of land.
Multiplying 1089 by 9 will give you the same numbers in reverse.
August 17th celebrates Black Cat Appreciation Day.
Eminem’s ‘Rap God’ holds the world record for the most words in a hit single.
A British scientist studying chocolate has her taste buds insured.
The Titanic included dogs as their passengers.
China has a series of underground tunnels.
Pitbulls are ranked as the most affectionate breed of dogs.
Tanning beds increase your risk of developing melanoma.
One of the cleanest dog breeds in the world are poodles.
Owls have specialized feathers.
The human brain uses 20% of the oxygen in your body.
Staying in a negative relationship can lower your immune system.
The insect population of the world is 1 billion times more than the world population.
People once believed that chewing on tree bark will keep your gums healthy.
Kangaroos never stop growing.
Red blood cells circulate your body at an amazing speed.
The flashes of light when you rub your eyes are called phosphenes.
Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. is Snoop Dog’s real name.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th”.
Disneyland serves 2.8 million churros a year.
Yellow and red stimulates hunger.
There are over 100 ways to cook an egg.
Red is the first color a baby sees.
Mozart once sold more CDs than Beyoncé.
The filmmakers of Saw paid for Jigsaw to have its own seat.
Color blind people have better night vision.
The close door button on an elevator doesn’t do anything.
The Jaws shark is named Bruce.
White chocolate isn’t actually chocolate.
"Scraunched" is the longest word with one syllable.
A lit candle creates 1 million tiny diamonds per second.
Coffee beans can cure bad breath.
Flowers grow faster with music.
‘Metrophobia’ is the fear of poetry.
Andy’s dad from Toy Story was not animated due to budgeting concerns.
The first morse code message was, "What hath God Wrought."
Crayola’s “Flesh” color was renamed Peach.
The average person spends 60% of a conversation talking about themselves.
Blue is the most common favorite color worldwide.
Yellow is the most common highlighter color.
You can survive solely on potatoes and butter.
An awkward silence takes 4 seconds to be considered awkward.
Cashews are a fruit.
18 newborns can be switched at birth daily.
Most of your house dust is your dead skin.
The name ‘Adidas’ comes from Adolf (Adi) Dassler (Das).
Hamburgers weren’t named after ham.
Fire moves faster uphill.
Cheddar cheese is not really orange.
The feeling of falling when half asleep is called a ‘hypnic jerk.’
Prescription bottles are tinted to prevent spoiling.
Elephants are pregnant for 2 years.
Swearing can relieve pain.
Apollo 11 only had 20 seconds of fuel when it landed.
People used bread as an eraser before.
Baby rabbits are not called kittens.
A classic violin is made with 70 different pieces of wood.
People born blind experience dreams of emotions, sounds and smells instead of images.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos once made parents panic.
Margarine used to be pink.
Films used to be hand-painted to have color.
Oprah's name isn't Oprah.
Pencil means “paintbrush.”
The oldest surviving pencil was from the 1600s.
Machu Picchu is 100% handmade.
Sleeping on your front can help with digestion.
Musicians have shorter lifespans.
Singing in a group boosts one’s mood.
The longest-reigning King in the UK was George III.
The human attention span is now shorter than a goldfish’s.
Birds have hollow bones which help them fly.
Talking in your sleep is known as somniloquy.
All your hair is dead.
Leonardo Da Vinci only has 15 existing paintings.
Shoes can take up to 1,000 years to break down.
8 million tons of garbage are added in the ocean per year.
Talking uses 100 muscles.
10 Google searches can power a 60-watt light bulb.
Beer is the most popular alcoholic drink in the world.
It took 12 years to paint Mona Lisa’s lips.
The first cell phone call was made in 1973.
70% of cell phones are manufactured in China.
The Fender Guitar company makes 90,000 guitar strings a day.
The inventor of the television banned TV from his home.
90% of the Earth’s organisms are insects.
Back in Medieval Times, bedrooms weren’t private.
Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid.
Cleopatra was not Egyptian.
Newborns can’t cry.
The human brain is the only brain that shrinks with age.
Bananas don’t have seeds.
A woman once survived falling from an airplane at 33,000 ft high.
There’s a fish that can survive out of water for 2 years.
Baseball fans eat enough hotdogs to stretch from Illinois to Los Angeles.
6.5 trillion cigarettes are sold worldwide per year.
Farmers plant tall, dense trees on the edges of farms.
Almost 1.25 million people die in road accidents every year.
Bad feelings are good for you.
The lungs are the only organs that can float on water.
Your lungs could cover an entire tennis court.
Venus Williams hit the fastest serve in women’s tennis at 205 km/h.
Every odd number has an “e” in it.
Wood was the first art medium.
Some bees don’t make honey.
A children’s hospital owns the rights to Peter Pan.
Clothes can take 40 years to decompose.
Some hospitals have beer.
The oldest customer service complaint was from 4,000 years ago.
Malls and casinos fool us with the Gruen Transfer.
The Chinese invented paper currency.
The Saturday before Christmas is the busiest shopping day of the year.
Women were only allowed to wear shorts in public after WWII.
A cotton shirt takes 700 gallons of water to make.
Purple was a royal color in Rome.
The first pair of Doc Martens were made of tires.
People who collect ties are called grabatologists.
Babies cry 1 to 3 hours each day.
The Great Wall of China was built with rice.
Bangkok is the world’s most visited city.
Typing keyboards used to be arranged alphabetically.
We are born with only 2 natural fears: the fear of falling and the fear of loud sounds.
Baked beans are not actually baked.
Antarctica is the only continent without any reptiles or snakes.
Video games help surgeons perform better.
Tomato ketchup was used as medicine for 16 years.
The brain is the fattest organ.
Australia has the most number of venomous snakes worldwide.
Dead people get goosebumps.
You can’t move or touch William Shakespeare’s bones.
"Digging a hole to China" is possible if you start in Argentina.
A snail can sleep for three years.
A musician named Jim Sullivan mysteriously disappeared 6 years after recording an album called “U.F.O.“
The name for the Pringles shape is a hyperbolic paraboloid.
There is McDonald’s in all continents except Antarctica.
At any point in time, 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.
Sonic the Hedgehog isn’t his full name.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Toilet paper in France is generally pink.
Artificial banana flavoring is based on an extinct banana.
Four out of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddhas.
Squeaky floors were the best home security in 17th century Japan.
Half of all bank robberies in the U.S. are done on a Friday.
Tinder made its first match in Antarctica in 2014.
Men’s dress shirt collars used to be detachable.
The first novel in the world ended mid-sentence.
In 2014, a missing woman on a vacation in Iceland was found in a search party for herself.
Sneezing while traveling at 60 mph makes you close your eyes for 50 feet.
People don’t sneeze in their sleep.
If you make $1 every second, it will take you 2,921 years to be richer than Bill Gates.
February used to be the last month of the year.
Shoe shops used X-Ray machines to measure shoe sizes.
The Big Ben in London is leaning so much that the incline is visible to the naked eye.
Australia has the most beaches in the world.
The national animal of Scotland is the Unicorn.
The directors of the film Despicable Me wrote their own language for the Minions.
Alaska had a cat mayor.
There is an island in the Bahamas with only pigs as residents.
Eating polar bear liver can kill a human being.
Insects are attracted to light because of the moon.
Lobster used to be considered the cockroach of the ocean.
DreamWorks studios was created by a former Disney employee.
Australia has a bright pink lake.
Netflix spent $0 on marketing its DVD rental business, but over 6 million people still used it.
Spiked and studded dog-collars were an Ancient Greek invention.
A full jumbo jet tank has enough fuel to drive a car around the world four times.
Artist Salvador Dali would get out of paying at restaurants by drawing on the checks.
Jellyfish almost caused mass nuclear explosions in 2013.
A seaman once set a ship on fire to get out of work early.
Tea bags were an accidental invention.
Your heart beats 100,000 times a day.
J is the only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table.
A man once won a horse race after he died.
At birth, baby pandas are smaller than mice.
Jack Daniel was believed to die from kicking a safe.
A coffee taster has his tongue insured for £10 million.
Herring fish communicate by farting.
A kimono literally translates to “thing to wear.”
Scientists grew a human tooth from scratch using pee.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make.
You could go to jail for collecting eagle feathers in the U.S.
78% of NFL players undergo financial crisis by 2 years of retirement.
Moon Trees are a thing.
A filmmaker once created a 10-hour “film” of paint drying.
During the first 5 months of Pokémon Go, gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5%.
If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning.
Hundreds of rare animals and plants thrive in the North Korea-South Korea border.
The tongue is the only muscle in the body attached from one end.
In a conversation, each speaker’s “turn” is 2 seconds, with intervals between turns only 200 milliseconds.
Sleep literally cleanses your brain.
Sudan has the most pyramids out of any country.
The Lego Group is the most powerful brand in the world.
Mr. and Mrs. came from the words master and mistress.
The only difference between kosher salt and table salt is the grain size.
Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D.
The founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can.
The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber is the combined sound of a film projector and noise from an old TV.
Humans can’t taste food without saliva.
There’s a plankton that reverses your feeling of hot and cold.
You can eat the stickers on fruit.
Scientists don’t know what causes the shower-curtain effect.
The Chanel double C was the first designer logo of all time.
Giraffes have less neck bones than a sloth.
The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.
Manatees can get cold stress.
Not sporty? Try aggressive sitting.
27,000 trees are cut per day for the world’s toilet paper.
May 22nd is the least common birth date.
No one knows for sure how dinosaurs mate.
Airport runway numbers actually indicate the direction on a compass.
Hershey’s Kisses were named that after the kissing sound the chocolate makes on the conveyor belt.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Penguins can jump as high as 9 feet in the air.
Polar bears aren’t purely left-handed.
A frog can throw up an entire organ.
The legs of a bat are so thin, they can’t walk.
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs.
Slugs only have one nose.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
Chickens are eaten for their whole life cycle.
Sharks can “blink” and “wink”.
Toilets usually flush in E flat.
A raisin dropped in fresh champagne will keep bouncing up and down from the bottom to the top of the glass.
It takes 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
When the first Star Wars movie came out, France was still executing people with the guillotine.
Queen Elizabeth II owns the swans in England.
During World War II, the Oscar awards were made of painted plaster.
For every non-porn webpage, there are five porn pages.
Napoléon Bonaparte’s penis was stolen.
M&M’s stands for “Mars & Murrie’s.”
Millions of trees were estimated to be planted by squirrels that forgot their buried nuts.
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef.
Cats sleep for ⅔ of their lives.
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho was the first American film to show a toilet being flushed on screen.
The Eiffel Tower leans away from the sun.
A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close in East Africa.
The youngest parents in the world were aged 8 and 9.
During WWI, Kotex was first manufactured as bandages.
Drinking coffee in Turkey was once punishable by death.
The Speaker of the House isn’t allowed to speak in England.
Crocodile poop was the first contraceptive.
The youngest Pope elected was 11 years old.
Only 2 countries don’t sell Coca-Cola.
The Paris Agreement on climate change was signed by the largest number of countries ever in one day.
The world's quietest room is located at Microsoft's headquarters in Washington state.
Only 3 countries don’t use the metric system.
President Bush was re-elected by less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
Wayne's World was filmed in two weeks.
Dodge made the first engines used by Ford.
In Ancient Egypt , priests plucked their bodies bald.
The population of the United States increases by one person every 12 seconds.
Toto was paid $125 per week while filming The Wizard of Oz.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Frankenstein is a vegetarian.
The Terminator script was sold for a dollar.
Computer mouse speed is measured in "Mickeys."
Pigeon poop is property of the British royal family.
Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone.
The microwave oven was another accidental invention.
In Elizabethan England, the spoon was so novel and prized that people carried their own folding spoons to banquets.
Millie the White House dog earned more than four times as President Bush in 1991.
Nebraskan drivers had the flashiest traffic situation back then.
Over 70% of people would reveal their passwords for chocolate.
A Boeing 747 airliner is made of over 6,000,000 separate parts.
The word "testify" is based on… testes?
“Pants” used to be a dirty word.
Palindromes are the most difficult kind of phrase to form.
The oceans contain 200,000 different kinds of viruses.
The tallest tower of cupcakes ever made is over 35 feet.
The biggest grill out of all time had 394 people grilling meat.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
A single lightning bolt has enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
A blue whale's heartbeat can be heard from two miles away.
The Netherlands has a squirrel bridge.
Subway footlongs don’t measure a foot long.
Marie Curie's belongings still have radioactive residue in present day.
The Canary Islands are named after dogs, not birds.
The Netherlands has the tallest population.
Indonesia has the shortest population.
Tom Hanks was not paid for Forrest Gump.
Arnold Schwarzenegger once forgot to take off the Terminator look.
The sound of the automatic doors opening on the U.S.S. Enterprise is made by a toilet.
Will Smith wanted to adopt the German Shepherd in I Am Legend.
Henry Cavill’s muscles are the real deal.
The Titanic film runs for as long as the ship sunk.
Sylvester Stallone landed in the I.C.U. while filming Rocky.
Brad Pitt and Edward Norton actually learned how to make soap in Fight Club.
Brendan Fraser almost died filming The Mummy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger practiced with guns every day for a month to prepare for The Terminator.
Daniel Kaluuya was given the lead role on the spot after nailing his audition.
Michael Fassbender had makeup artists put alcohol on his mustache for a role.
The Kingsman underwater scene was not scripted.
The creators of Stranger Things wanted to direct the It remake.
There were 25 snakes found on The Maze Runner set.
Crushed vitamins have been used for cocaine scenes in movies.
Nestlé supplied 1,850 bars of real chocolate for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Hugh Jackman went 36 hours without water for Les Miserables.
Jim Caviezel was struck by lightning while playing Jesus in The Passion Of The Christ.
Victorians said "prunes" when taking pictures.
The foil seals on medicine bottles were placed due to poisoning incidents.
North Koreans are shorter than South Koreans.
Indians read the most out of any nationality.
A pig was once held in trial for the death of a child.
You could buy a town from eBay.
Doritos are flammable.
Starbucks flopped in Australia.
Glaciers make sounds.
The first roller coaster was invented to stop sinful behavior.
Your nails grow at the same time as continental plates drift.
The longest location name on the planet is 85 letters long.
The people who are currently alive are only 7% of the total number of people who have ever lived.
Muhammad is the most popular name in the world.
There are more than 24 time zones around the world.
Sweden has the most islands of any country.
The red-billed quelea is the most common bird on Earth.
The hashtag symbol is called an octothorpe.
The longest wedding veil was longer than 63 football fields.
No real astronaut ever said, "Houston, we have a problem,"
The lyrebird can make chainsaw sounds.
9% of Americans have phobias.
Elvis only won 3 Grammys.
Cornell University offers a wine course.
The Krusty Krab restaurant is a lobster trap.
The Hulk was supposed to be grey.
The Flintstones was the highest-earning network cartoon franchise for 30 years.
Walt Disney hated Goofy.
The place that cartoon characters store things, just to pull out of thin air, is known as “Hammerspace”.
Superman used to leap places instead of flying.
The longest-running primetime animated series is the Simpsons, which began in 1987.
Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse were married in real life.
The Pokemon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
All the Professors in Pokemon have been named after trees.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first American film to have a soundtrack.
The Little Mermaid was Disney’s first princess movie in 30 years.
Jackie Chan voiced the Beast in the Chinese dub of The Beauty And The Beast.
The Lion King was the first original Disney movie.
Bees bite.
Kids ask about 300 questions a day.
T-shirts were originally made for unmarried men who didn't know how to sew buttons on collared shirts.
All Froot Loops have the same flavor.
Before the 1800s, people slept in batches.
Cows have "best friends" and will get stressed when separated.
New Zealanders have more pets per household than any other country.
The design for the seatbelts we use now was given away by Volvo.
Kea parrots laugh together when they're in a good mood.
Flyting was the original rap battle.
The Russians showed up 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics.
In Japan, letting a sumo wrestler make your baby cry is considered good luck.
Black cats are good luck in Britain and Japan.
Ben & Jerry learned how to make ice cream from a $5 course at Penn State.
The the official plural form of a Prius is Prii.
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures.
Goats have rectangular pupils.
Wasting food is illegal for supermarkets in France.
A baby can cost new parents 750 hours of sleep.
A grumble is a group of pugs.
Garfield used to own G-Mail.
Crayola is literally "oily chalk."
Abraham Lincoln was a wrestling champion.
Queen Elizabeth II has had over 30 corgis in her lifetime.
Relative to their bodies, Chihuahuas have the biggest brain in the dog world.
Elvis Presley's manager sold hate merch for profit.
Avocados never ripen on the tree.
At the Humane Society of Missouri, kid volunteers comfort anxious shelter dogs by reading to them.
China owns all of the pandas in the world.
Penguins used to be 6 feet tall.
A scientific calculator is 6 times more powerful than the Apollo 11 computer.
Humans shed 18 kg of skin in their lifetime.
The "Like" button on Facebook was supposed to be the "Awesome" button.
Human fingers are really sensitive.
Humans are genetically related to bananas.
Our sense of smell and taste decrease by 20%-50% during flights.
There are more atoms in a glass of water than glasses of water you could fill with all the oceans of the Earth.
Bubble wrap was originally designed to be used as wallpaper.
Your body replaces all its particles every seven years.
The world's longest musical piece lasts 639 years.
Neptune was the first planet that was discovered before being seen through a telescope.
You're more likely to become President than you are to win the lottery.
There’s only one letter that doesn’t appear in any U.S. state name.
Samsung tests phone durability with a butt robot.
Armadillos have bulletproof shells.
Kleenex tissues were supposed to be for gas masks.
Blue whales eat 500,000 calories in 1 mouthful.
The tiny pocket in jeans is for pocket watches.
NASA can “fax” tools to astronauts
Only ¼ of the Sahara Desert is sandy.
2 parts of the human body never stop growing.
No number contains the letter A before 1,000.
Mercedes invented a joystick-controlled car.
The CIA headquarters Starbucks doesn’t put names on the cups.
The Eiffel Tower grows during the summer.
Bees can fly higher than Mount Everest.
Humans have jumped further than horses in the Olympics.
A waffle iron inspired one of the first iconic Nike shoes.
Glitter was invented by a farmer.
Abraham Lincoln used to be a bartender.
Beethoven never studied multiplication or division.
Aquariums were supposed to be for cows.
An espresso maker has been sent to space.
Apple Inc. was founded on April Fool’s.
Wild boars wash their food.
Baseball umpires used to sit in rocking chairs.
The first commercial airplane flight lasted 23 minutes.
The French Scrabble World Champion doesn’t speak French
A U.K. woman has called 911 because of ice cream.
The British Empire was the largest empire in the world.
Turtles can talk to each other.
170 year-old champagne was found under the Baltic Sea.
Nikola Tesla did not like pearls.
Brad Pitt injured his Achilles heel while playing Achilles.
Martin Luther King Jr. had a C in public speaking.
Bees can make different colors of honey.
The Pope can’t donate organs.
A one-armed player scored the winning goal in the first World Cup.
The stick is the world’s first toy.
The first baby stroller was pulled by animals.
Ancient Egyptians used dead mice for toothaches.